[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> One of the things that
I think that we do to stop
ourselves when it comes
to putting our mission out
into the world, to doing
work that really matters,
to changing our life is we feel
like we have to kind of have it
all figured out and we have to
do some big, massive change.
But I think what
we fail to realize
is that how we do anything is
almost as important as what
we're doing.
So what do I mean by that?
You can start activating your
purpose in the exact life
that you have right now--
how you're showing up
at the breakfast table,
at your existing job,
how you're engaging with
people at the grocery store,
on the bank line.
You can embody your purpose.
If you want to make a
difference to others,
then start making a difference
with the energy that you bring.
Your attitude is so
incredibly important
in terms of how you
make people feel.
Sometimes I'll walk
around in this world
and I see people-- they'll
come into my work and say, "Oh,
but I really want
to empower women,"
or "I really want to empower
this group of people,"
but all day long
they're complaining.
And there's a lot of
women around them,
and they're not
actually empowering them
through their energy
or their attitude.
So I think one of
the things that's
really important
before getting, even,
to some of the tactical
things that we can do
is recognizing that every
single moment we're alive,
we are making a difference.
And it's up to us whether or not
we're living into that purpose
or making that positive
difference or not.
So attitude and energy is
always the first place to look.
Because the 24 hours
you're alive every day are
24 hours that you
have an opportunity
to make a positive difference.
Now when it comes to using
these pockets of time
to create a business or
to launch a new career,
I think getting really
clear on whatever
it is that you're trying to do
is obviously step number one.
Talking about what
is the vision, what
are we working
towards here, so you
understand how to create a
game plan to reverse-engineer
bringing it to life.
When it comes to making
a difference in the world
and using our gift
to create change,
oftentimes we think we
have to change everything,
and we need a new career, and
we need to start a new business.
But that's not always the truth.
The energy and the
attitude that we
bring to every single
moment of our day counts.
And that energy
and that attitude
can create such a ripple effect.
And it's like the
infamous Gandhi quote,
"Be the change that you
want to see in the world."
Having a vision for what
you want to create is vital,
but I do want to say that not
all of us can have that crystal
clear vision, especially
when we're starting out
and things are a
little murky, right?
But even if we do have a
vision, I think what's equally,
if not more, important is
having a plan to bring it
to life to make sure that
it's not just something
that you're looking
at on a vision board.
That every single day that
you're executing on effective
steps to bring it to life.
So one of the things
that I do myself,
that I advise anyone who wants
to bring a big vision to life
to do, is take four to five
minutes at the end of your day
and write down
exactly what you're
going to do the following day--
so looking at your appointments,
looking at any special projects
that you know must get done
to bring that vision to life,
and even mapping out
things like working out,
meditation time,
any of the self-care
practices that you
know that you need
to do in order to be your best.
It sounds so simple but so
many people don't do it.
They don't go, OK,
well, you know what?
If I really do want to
fit in that meditation
or that 15-minute workout
or 10 minutes of prayer
and I need to feed the kids
and I need to walk the dog,
then I'm going to need
to wake up whether it's
5:30 or 6:00 or 7:00 AM.
If I need to get x amount of
writing done to eventually get
my book done, I need to
block out this chunk of time.
Taking four to five minutes
to do that the night before
has such an extraordinarily
transformative effect.
And here's the second piece.
I like to say if it's not
scheduled, it's not real.
So popping all of those
different tasks with time
estimates into your calendar
and-- here's the piece that
most people miss--
where you're going to do it.
So studies have shown that you
can increase from two to three
times the likelihood
that you will actually
complete a task if you not only
say when you're going to do it,
but the physical place.
Is this going to happen
at your kitchen table?
Are you going to work out at
the gym or in your bedroom?
Are you going to actually
create that business plan
at the library?
So a few little steps
like that every single day
can help you actually take that
vision and concretely put it
into life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]